Add changes to add the new setting in SCA (#5653)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/sec-config-assessment/creating-custom-policies.rst

    +--------------------+----------------+-------------------+------------------------+------------------------+
    | references         | No             | Array of strings  | Any string             | Any string             |
    +--------------------+----------------+-------------------+------------------------+------------------------+
    | regex_type         | No             | String            | "pcre2" or "osregex"   | Policy regex engine    |
    +--------------------+----------------+-------------------+------------------------+------------------------+

.. note::
  If the **regex_type** is configured in this section the checks will be run with the configured engine.

> .. note::

Reviewer: We can merge both notes and explain this easier.

    +-------------+-----------+----------------------------+--------------------+
    |    rules    |    Yes    |      Array of strings      |     Any string     |
    +-------------+-----------+----------------------------+--------------------+
    | regex_type  |    No     |           String           |"pcre2" or "osregex"|
    +-------------+-----------+----------------------------+--------------------+

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Check evaluation is governed by its `rule result aggregation strategy`, as set in its ``condition`` field, and the results of
the evaluation of its rules.

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::

```

>   If the **regex_type** is configured for a particular check, it overwrites the regex engine applied for the whole policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you set a *regex_type*, it overrides the regex engine type defined in the policy.
```
